NotificationService (#2583)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Reference/Management/Services/NotificationService/Index.md

---
versionFrom: 8.0.0
---

# NotificationService

> The NotificationServices is used to perform operations related to back office notifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The NotificationServices is used to perform operations related to backoffice notifications.
```
